Game_check_Win_or_lose_win

#initialize
create asteroid A1
create material F1 iron
create material F2 iron
create material F3 iron
create material I1 ice
create material I2 ice
create material I3 ice
create material U1 uranium
create material U2 uranium
create material U3 uranium
create material C1 coal
create material C2 coal
create material C3 coal
create astronaut S1 A1
create astronaut S2 A1
astronaut S1 addMaterial F1
astronaut S1 addMaterial F2
astronaut S1 addMaterial F3
astronaut S1 addMaterial I1
astronaut S1 addMaterial I2
astronaut S1 addMaterial I3
astronaut S2 addMaterial U1
astronaut S2 addMaterial U2
astronaut S2 addMaterial U3
astronaut S2 addMaterial C1
astronaut S2 addMaterial C2
astronaut S2 addMaterial C3

#movements
game checkWinOrLose

printState